README.md, before:

# sicp-book-exercises

FIXME: description

## Installation

Download from http://example.com/FIXME.

## Usage

FIXME: explanation

    $ java -jar sicp-book-exercises-0.1.0-standalone.jar [args]

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2022 FIXME

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which is available at
http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0.

This Source Code may also be made available under the following Secondary
Licenses when the conditions for such availability set forth in the Eclipse
Public License, v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version, with the GNU Classpath Exception which is available
at https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html.

Commit message:

Updated description, refactored README.md

README.md, after:

# sicp-book-exercises

Project where I store my exercises solutions of 
SICP[https://newstar.rinet.ru/~goga/sicp/sicp.pdf] book.
This repository uses Clojure as main programming
language instead of Schema, that described in the book.
Sometimes different functions might have different names
but in comment section under each task I leave an
explanation, what I changed, why I use this instead of
that and what I found useful outside the book.

## Check solutions

You need to use REPL for starting the project and evaluate
function in comment section of every task described in this
repo.

I used Intellij IDEA Repl (Cursive), you can use whatever
you want


## Graphs

For some tasks I wanted to show the result using graphs or
another diagram. For this I used oz[https://github.com/metasoarous/oz]
library. In the comment section I give you commands for
starting this if you need it.

## License

Copyright © 2022 FIXME

This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which is available at
http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0.

This Source Code may also be made available under the following Secondary
Licenses when the conditions for such availability set forth in the Eclipse
Public License, v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version, with the GNU Classpath Exception which is available
at https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html.
